Welcome back it's time to write our own binary search tree.
And in this exercise I'm going to challenge you to write your own before you wash my solution.
Now keep in mind that just like with linked lists it's going to require us to keep track of the nodes
to the left and to the right of the current node.
And also we have a value associated with a note.
I recommend you actually draw this out on a piece of paper to understand because keeping everything
in your head and the calculations might be a little bit difficult.
But I have somebody here with all the essentials you need.
We've created a binary search tree class.
We have no class that we can use.
We start our binary search tree with this star root of null because we don't have anything yet.
But remember we have the root which is our top most node which currently is empty.
We're going to initialize our binary search tree and hopefully we're able to create two methods.
One is answered and one is look up.
And our goal is to create this tree over here 9 as the root node.
Then four and twenty as it's children and then four has one in six children and 20 has 15 and 170 as
it's children.
So ideally if we implement insert correctly we can say tree dot insert 9 then insert 4 then insert 6
then insert let's say 20.
Well insert 170 last two will insert 15 and we see we have one left here Syllis to insert
and ideally after running these commands you're able to create this tree data structure.
Now at the bottom here I create a small little function for you and for now I want you to just ignore
it because we're using something called recursion here which we haven't got into yet.
But I only created this function for you to be able to test out your code to make sure that it actually
works.
All you need to do in order for you to verify that this is working is to say Jason dot string phi which
is a javascript specific way to create a chase on string.
And we're going to say Traverse
tree dot root we just give it the root node of our tree and it's going to traverse and print out everything
into a string so that you can check and the consol that your tree actually is working and in the solution
video I'm going to demonstrate how this works but I've added this as a little helper for you in case
you want to double check your work to make sure that it's correct.
And by the way the look up method should simply be return the node that we're looking for and if it
doesn't find the node then we can return normal or false whichever you want.
And I've added the Remove method here which we're going to talk about later because it's a little bit
difficult.
So for now just worry about insert and look up and I'll see you in the solution video by.